Add provison that MBLD is always measured in seconds (#630)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

        - 9b3a) Round formats for these events are: "Best of X" (where X is 1, 2, or 3).
        - 9b3b) For 3x3x3 Blindfolded, the WCA also recognizes "Mean of 3" rankings and records based on the times from "Best of 3" rounds.
- 9f) The results of a round are measured as follows:

>     - 9f1) All timed results under 10 minutes, except for Multiple Blindfold Solving, are measured and truncated to the nearest hundredth of a second. All timed averages and means under 10 minutes are measured and rounded to the nearest hundredth of a second.

Reviewer: Nit: "Blindfold" should be "Blindfolded":

This will have to change with https://github.com/thewca/wca-regulations/pull/628/files . We don't have to block on that, but I'd prefer for this PR to be consistent with the `draft` branch when it lands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 9f1) All timed results under 10 minutes, except for Multiple Blindfolded Solving, are measured and truncated to the nearest hundredth of a second. All timed averages and means under 10 minutes are measured and rounded to the nearest hundredth of a second.
```

Reviewer 2: Same here: Actually, I think we should have `3x3x3 Multi-Blind` here instead of `Multiple Blindfold Solving`.

>     - 9f2) All timed results, averages, and means over 10 minutes, as well as all results in Multiple Blindfold Solving, are measured and rounded to the nearest second (e.g. x.49 becomes x, x.50 becomes x+1).

Reviewer: I would prefer "as well as all times for [Multi-Blind] results" to avoid implying that the entire result for a multi-blind attempt is the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 9f2) All timed results, averages, and means over 10 minutes, as well as all times for Multiple Blindfold Solving results, are measured and rounded to the nearest second (e.g. x.49 becomes x, x.50 becomes x+1).
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think we should have `3x3x3 Multi-Blind` here instead of `Multiple Blindfold Solving`.

Reviewer: I think we should match the existing name used by the Regs until https://github.com/thewca/wca-regulations/pull/628 lands. Hopefully both will land soon, though!

Reviewer 2: Ok, then I think it's better to merge this up first!
